hi it's Wendy freezin if you're thinking
about coming to wealth magnet oh nine
the five-day intensive course online
that is gonna change all your attitudes
about money get rid of all your deepest
core issues and just make you
unstoppable no longer procrastinating or
sabotaging your success here's something
else I want to offer you we're having a
little promotion where if you're one of
the people who has signed up by now
you can tell a friend and the more
friends that you tell about this the
more chances you're going to have of
winning some big fat ridiculously
awesome prizes so the prize is one of
them is a netbook that's all loaded up
with a bunch of programs of mine others
are iPods so actual type odd touches
that you'll win and every day we have a
new prize some of the prizes are cash
several hundred dollars in cash and you
win these prizes first by telling
friends and the more friends you tell
the better the prizes are so every day
we will have a new gigantic prize Monday
through Friday for all five days and you
know who knows you might win something
really great something you can really
use and you can have the satisfaction of
knowing that you've helped a lot of
people to get over their issues with
wealth of course the five days you know
there's no charge for it I want everyone
who needs it to feel really comfortable
about coming I want to make it as easy
as possible for them and I just want you
to have some fun and learn what I
learned some of you may not know that
about ten years ago I was pretty broke I
was a single mom I had no resources no
help no savings it was in debt
everything else and what I learned was
that no program no one's get quick rich
quick thing no internet marketing scheme
and lesson or anything was going to work
until I get rid of my deepest core
issues so I found out that I had a
really deep self sabotage program
running I'm going to share that with you
on day one and I'm gonna help you find
your issue of why you're sabotaging your
success why you might be stopping
yourself without even knowing we all
have hidden agendas we have issues that
were brought up to us from childhood
like what we think about money is at the
root of all evil are people who make
money greedy do you actually
have some really negative feelings when
you see someone driving a nice car you
see someone who has a nice house we got
to get rid of those because if you
project those negative feelings on to
people those will also be feelings that
you have about yourself being wealthy so
now again some of you know I was really
really broke I mean I didn't know which
utility they were going to turn off the
next day it was really hard to tell my
kids one day why there was no water
coming out of the faucet now I have
obviously overcome that I've built a
business out of no money no loans not a
nickel that was given to me or loaned to
me and I've built a multi-million dollar
business I live in a beautiful place
look at this this Beach is actually my
front yard and this is what I look at
every day and the ocean is the harbor
the ocean is two blocks that way and I
just go there and then go for a walk
it's an amazing place and I had a dream
I'm having a beach house and actually
living on the beach and now I do so
during these five days I want to show
you how I broke through some of my
wealth limitations and how I got to the
point where even though in some ways
they didn't really believe it could
happen
I still implanted the seeds into my mind
and my inner mind getting rid of those
core issues that allowed those seeds to
grow and I know it's a metaphor but you
know they did the seeds grew and they
took root and they sprouted and all of a
sudden there were opportunities and
because they've gotten rid of my
self-sabotage issues my unworthiness
issues my need to be pitiful or to be
rescued those seeds that were planted in
my brain which is the hypnosis that I
use
Ashley could take root and result in
something fabulous so I'm gonna help you
with that for five days in row it's
online go tell your friends wins and
prizes and and then also get the most
amazing gift of all which is being
worthy of wealth and and being excited
about what you're doing and not getting
stuck anymore sound good yes okay Jay
good good high five yes all right so get
those friends in there and
get them on board Twitter them up email
them call them on the phone don't you
love that we make little thing with the
phone corny I know write him a letter
let's see skywriting
what else is tell your friends alright
talk to you soon bye bye